Chad Looney- You didn't buy gas with bitcoin, your friend bought it with real money.﻿
HODL2theMoon- 1:51 and if only he'd known those two gallons of gas would be worth $3000 today.﻿
JAKE W JONES- Yocoin is the best future cryptocurrency for small transactions, and was started in India by peeps from Bitcoin. If you missed the chance to become a millionaire from the Bitcoin boom, this is your chance to make it big with Yocoin. Truly a once in a lifetime opportunity to help transform the global currencies away from privately owned, non-government owned, parasitic fraudulent fiat banking systems that most crooked government corporations (like the United States Corporation filed in the state of Delaware) are using, such as the Federal (not federal) Reserve (no reserve) Banking system.  Just grab a position now FOR FREE, and watch your business grow. Then when you are comfortable.... invest in a little Yocoin. I myself currently have 12,000 Yocoin. Just message me via my youtube channel or my phone or email listed on my website www.coinraider.com, and I will get you set up for free with a simple NAME, EMAIL AND PHONE NUMBER.  You do not have to invest in cryptocurrency to start seeing an income from it.﻿
Vention1MGTOW- LOL! He may have yellow teeth but he's almost certainly a multi millionaire right now, yellow teeth and all.﻿
King Johnson- You yeollow teeth motherfucker what did he pay in the store thats what i wanted to see you yeollow sonofabitch get a fucken hair cut you roll out the bed sonofabitch i came in here for this bull shit Ill kick your ass Tyell Jones that was some funny shit﻿
PapayaMan- My god he is PALE﻿
bizzarrogeorge- Thank you for demonstrating how to use this fake currency to freeload off friends who have actual real currency..﻿
Tyrell Jones- Great camera work, really brings out the yellow in your teeth!﻿
Buchiach- neckbeard phaggots﻿
Rafael Samsa- Michael Jackson back? ..... O.o﻿
Youtube_user- Just to let other people know - this gentleman bought 9 liters of petrol for £4.70. ﻿
Colin Stienke- other words you have to find an other persion . Hell they are going out the with the bit coin Debit card soon.﻿
SomethingRules- good shit﻿
ryanucr- A lot of fucking about - just pay for the freaking gas in cash﻿
João Santos- btw , i'm just here to ask if you want to join the project to make the largest supercomputer ever? They are paying 30$month just for you leaving you pc turned on , and can increase up to 100$day. Register here :  coingeneration com/auth/new/284549/    ﻿
shotgunbadger- So you didn't buy gas, you paid a dude fake money and he paid real money for the gas.﻿
d3spis3m3- $8 well spent.﻿
stuthewise- He's talking about the T-Mobile G1 (better known as the HTC Dream outside the US).﻿
TehBobb- Nevermind the warning about leaving stupid ass comments on Youtube.﻿
Harold BeaumontFinns- Psst. It's bullshit.﻿
herbalist81- how the hell did you even show us that you actually paid for the gas with bitcoins???!!! All you did was send bitcoins to his account!﻿
WideWorldOfWisdom- If his "mate" is so irrelevant, let's take him out of the equation and see how this guy "buys gas with bitcoins."﻿
WideWorldOfWisdom- Yeah...that myth was busted on Mythbusters in the second episode of the first season...literally a decade GOAT. (And then again in the second season). What are you going to to tell us about next...how we shouldn't set sail too far into the ocean lest we ignore the warning about falling off the edge?﻿
GodlessMartyr666- would be funny if he just drives off then casascius just dips w.o paying for the gas bwahahah﻿
GodlessMartyr666- nice mountains bro﻿
deltaray3- Nevermind the warning about using cell phones around gas pumps.﻿
Mike Trieu- "or so" must not have been within the past year, because the statistics show nothing close to anything that low. In fact, it was around $5 the same time last year and even after the recent "great crash" it was still at $83. Yeah, numbers are hard, I know. ﻿
Tampaterry54- my point is that bitcoin is hilariously unstable and anyone who disagrees is delusional, especially when there is proof all around. One thing I have not seen since the induction of bitcoin is stability.﻿
Tampaterry54- yeah I sure am cause a month or so GOAT they actually crashed below 75 cents a share, and then to nothing, boy was my face red!﻿
Mike Trieu- At roughly 112.781 USD at the time of this writing.
﻿Mike Trieu- Wow, I bet you're really eating that crow these days =P﻿
Anton Chigurh- I guess you didn't see his other video.. lol.﻿
Moldy Kock- wtf this is just buying petrol wtf nayt﻿
electrictroy2010- "My phone is G1."  Doubtful.  G1 wireless cellphones were analog and did not do data.  G2 is when the first digital, internet capable cellphones came out.﻿
InFaDeLiTy- Dem Teef﻿
Tone Deaf- How to buy Gas with Blowjobs. 1: Fill up with gas. 2: Give friend blowjob. 2: Fill up with gas. 3: Friend pays gas station 50 bucks. 4: Make claim "Hey now you can buy gas with Bitcoins!"5: FAIL.﻿
anon manonearth- he paid bitcoin, and got gas, wt his mate does is irrelevant﻿
nithia- I am running 2 7870s and am getting 800-900MHash/s but I am pool mining so I get a steady amount rather than risk never getting a block. I need to see if I can get better rates from a different pool but in the one I am in I get on average 0.002xxxxx per hour, and I only mine when I am at work so I do not get the exponential growth from 24/7 mining.﻿
ENSUE- You must be running a very shitty CPU or GPU/s.﻿
Swapster .com- So he used .75 BTC to get $8 gas. Next day, BTC goes to $240per coin... so, had he waited a day to buy his gas he could have gotten $180 worth of gas for the same BTC use. This is why BTC does not work well as a currency. They need to figure out a way to stablize the value.﻿
SelfHatingWhite- where are your bitcoins now﻿
Gamah1991- and you wouldn't brag about selling a goat for enough money to buy an xbox? the dude probably mined the bitcoin from his GPU...so essentially he paid for the gas by letting his computer run.﻿
phuturephunk- Granted, but I stated it in a pretty even handed manner. I gave my thoughts on the matter and avatar or not, I don't know what else to say.  I've had my fun in the past crudely ripping into this sort of stuff, but sometimes..I'll give a straight answer.﻿
wavepattern- HE DIDNT PAY FOR IT!!!! ANOTHER BITCOIN SCAM!!!! A SCAM ABOUT PAYING FOR STUFF WITH SCAM MONEY - THAT WAS NOT USED!!!! ﻿
phuturephunk- Listen, I'm all for people trying new things, but this is some sort of libertarian pipe dream.  The irony in this is..the same people that will advocate for this sort of stuff (encryption and block chains) are the same people who will strenuously..and I do mean strenuously argue against stuff like fiat currency even though grinding a hash with a computer doesn't have any intrinsic value either.  At least the gold standard loons argue over a rare earth metal..this stuff is just silliness. ﻿
phuturephunk- Its not particularly portable, its not easily traded, its not backed by a power and the creation of the currency depends on the functioning of an incredibly complex technological base...It basically fails as a currency in every conceivable way to coinage and paper. Every way.  You could probably work the kinks out of the portable and trading part, but the other ones are basically insurmountable.  Also wild speculative valuation movement is not a positive talking point.  Food for thought.﻿
nithia- Ok so that some of you understand here. BTC has to be made/found by making a computer do really hard math basically. I mine BTC and have been for only about a month now. I only have about 00.29000000 BTC after over 100 hours of letting my computer run and me not being able to use it. This is what gives BTC its initial scarcity. Then just like with gold people are willing to exchange their currency for BTC and the amount they are willing to exchange gives it its value.﻿
nithia- Every currency has had scams ponzis and failed businesses why should BTC be any different. I mean yes I could say I will sell you something for BTC over the internet you send me the BTC and I never send you anything and at most I get banned from the site I "sold" you the item on and nothing happens to me. Well I can do the same with USD as long as I don't go through Paypal to sell you something, and If you have not way to figure out where I really am well to bad its my money now.﻿
Andrei Braga- you ugly michael jackson looking mother fucker﻿
nithia- Its a new currency and not many people use it yet even online. It takes time to become trusted and gain its value. It is not easy to make BTC and when you left this comment BTC was at about 33usd today as I make this comment BTC is about 190usd. USD will still be the standard in the US unless BTC or another form of it takes over as a global currency but until some one makes some kind of visa powered paypal useing BTC converting card you would still have to do a currency exchange to pay in the US﻿
nithia- When/if the value of BTC becomes stable then you will know exactly how much $1 is equal to in BTC, but there is no currency that is "stable" when you are talking currency exchange. 1usd will not always equal the same amount of in euro or any other currency it changes on a micro scale hour to hour. BTC is just finding its normal value right now as it becomes harder and harder to make them and more and more people are trying.﻿
nithia- The point here is that the same could be done if the gas station accepted BTC but as it is still such a new and unknown currency they had to do it like this. I do not know if he found this guy at the station or he was his friend and was along for the ride though. But if you think of BTC more like gold rather than $ 1oz of gold is about $1800 last I checked so right now 1 BTC is almost $200 same thing shave off some of that gold or use a smaller decimal place for your BTC as value goes up.﻿
MrkBO8- Thats become one expensive gas tank﻿
drumstyx6464- This kills the currency.﻿
Beenhard- Wow this looks super handy and quick! Buttcoin really is the future!﻿
Hookah Bergher- If you would of held onto those coins and just paid the 7.53USD you paid .75 bitcoins for that gas, which has exhausted all value, as you drove to Vegas...Todays price for that same coin (hopefully your buddy held onto) is nearly 10x that value. $75.00 for two gallons??  Gotta hold onto those BTC...they are both commodity and currency.
Bradley Johnson- doushe'﻿
Jordan Brock- next time you do a video see about getting a motion stabilization app for your phone. i needed Dramamine to watch that video  ﻿
ChillDzify- Dont even have 85 here? wth is that?﻿
Ketú Cãt- This should be renamed: How to Conduct Commerce with Bitcoins...﻿
OzClawhammer- Those samsung Nexus phones were awful :(﻿
juicyjohnbox- i agree with this but i dont agree with using a mobile phone at a gas/petrol station.﻿
Let's ChangeTip- I don't care what you morons think, this dude now has gas in his car because of Bitcoin, so yes, he used Bitcoin to buy gas. ﻿
Alexander Gentile- @Communismkeke﻿
Marcus Wilson- Bitcoin has stablished itself strongly on the gambling industry. I hope it eventually conquers the rest of industries as well in the future and we can go to the market to buy apples with satoshis. For beginners, find here how to set up Bitcoin on your computer and a list of websites that give free bitcoins: thebitcoinmaster.blogspot.com﻿
Amateur Thespian- So all you have to do is carry around some idiot dumb enough to exchange your libertarian funbux for real money to actually purchase things for you! The currency of the future﻿
KeKeKe!- so buying gas with bitcoins is as easy as driving with internet libertarians. i'll pass.﻿
phuturepunk- "Not exactly time efficient"...well you just failed as a currency, congratulations.﻿
CB- Basically the mop top dude swindled the other guy. Noice.﻿
Rich K- LOL pure gold﻿
J Katyusha- Yeah, it's had even more scams and ponzis and failed businesses, jackass.﻿
autoaimcfg- Look, a couple of child porn enthusiasts. How's that "untraceable internet funbux" thing working out for ya? Got any good russian CP with it lately? Fucking Chickenhawks!
﻿Roger Ver- Bitcoin has come a long long way since this video was made.﻿
dudedudeguydude- Are you a wizard?﻿
gregory king- even if he pay or use the bs coin, is to much hassle, i rather pay with tomatoes﻿
fdf ff- Actually i think he's kind of cute - hair et all!﻿
Just Do It- use those coins to get laid, didnt worked huh? ﻿
Dominik Badel- You are one son of a nerd, its cool.﻿
infebious- I can tell that you smoke weed and are right handed because of the discoloration pattern on your front teeth.  Congrats. ﻿
Eviscerate- Get a job bitcoin hippies!﻿
The Real Plato- @Brandon Doty et al: I turned my Bitcoins into gas. Cascasius turned his dollars into Bitcoins. The gas station turned his gas into dollars. Everyone's happy﻿
Brandon Doty- Because the dude with a mop on his head did not Actually buy gas with bitcoin. The other dude paid for the gas with USD to the gas station and then mop boy reimbursed him with equivalent bitcoin. This would be like selling a goat, using the money to buy an xbox, then claiming you bought a xbox with a goat.﻿
Brandon Doty- This is stupid, you did not actually pay for gas with the BTC. You paid that dude and he paid with normal money.﻿
rebaj83- great news : next time show us you can also buy a toothbrush!﻿
Blarghalt- This guy looks exactly like the kind of person that would buy shit with bitcoins.﻿
logick0- show us how to buy toothpaste with bitcoins on your next video﻿
Brad- people who don't brush their teeth ﻿
The 25th Psychonaut- Ok thanks for the history lesson but it definitely seemed that you were assuming I was putting down bitcoins. & believe me I know plenty about "grassroots" currencies﻿
Scott Vogler- lol, no reason to get defensive....i just think there's some very interesting historical examples of grass roots style currencies that start up, worth looking in to. ﻿
eztocrypt- Your A fucking doosh Fuck your "rainy afternoon"﻿
The 25th Psychonaut- Ok for Christs' sake dude I'm not talking shit about bitcoins I was just poking fun at the video title﻿
Scott Vogler- In Germany during world war 2, their government basically owned everything and took most of the money leaving a lot of people to fend for themselves, they started using something called Notgeld, which were basically trading cards. What is money, is it a card? A piece of paper? Digital currency? 
The 25th Psychonaut- Ok where do I begin...I didn't say I didn't know why they're doing this NOR did I say that anybody was clueless.  Yeah﻿
Zoo Monkey- If you don't know why they are doing this then you are the clueless one.﻿
wacky_Jacqui- U shud use ur bit coins 4 a shave & haircut :-P﻿
mahzorimipod- haha, take that fiat currency!!!!﻿
Hueristic- Retarded.﻿
blindbrad11- dave grohl?﻿
xXHardc0rExFaNXx- wait why are people disliking this video? ﻿
The 25th Psychonaut- Ok but we're talking about converting bitcoins to actual money, not the other way around.﻿
Bean Nuggett- no as far as i know you cannot convert actual currency to bitcoin, you earn money by completing transactions for other people im not quite sure how it works somthing like that﻿
METALMAN4Wii- I'll sell you $1000 worth of Monopoly money for a $100...!  ﻿
Piero Scaruffi- SHUTUP HIPPIE﻿
ERTLPFM- And then mybitcoin died.﻿
head2fiststyle12345- i run my beard from my face to my balls, shits epic.﻿
SputnikTripulator V- Hahahahah... "By Vermont I mean Vegas." You got me rolling on the floor...﻿
Charles Bronson- Pathetic haters ﻿
Ragnaldo17- you look like an turd﻿
Eppit Tanka- :03 is the face I'm making whenever I read your posts﻿
Eppit Tanka- A bitcoiner, making shit up and having weird emotional issues with women? Well I'll be﻿
Eppit Tanka- yeah i'll just take that as a "more ugly". i am so sorry﻿
Eppit Tanka- are you as ugly or more ugly than this man﻿
aerojamoo- What did the guy in the store say when you told him: "yeah, i've no money- but I just got sent 3 quarters of a bit coin from casascius. Look, he copied and pasted it to me." One of three things happened- 1. He said; "Ah, why didn't you say so my good man. We prefer bit coins to dollars here."2. He stared blankly at you. 3. You paid with dollars after having your phone and bit coins shoved up your arse.﻿
scabbybuttcrack- Plato needs to smoke less from the looks of his teef.﻿
Gh0streach- @xIUBUNTUIx you need to go to blockchain[DepartmentOfTransportation]info DepartmentOfTransportation is slang for DOT fyi
loopafox- so how did this actually work, did you pay that guy for your gas, because he was the store owner or did he just want ur bitcoins in exchange for buying your gas?﻿
dirkzomartirqkar45497- @iStoDiaolo jep! they payed with bitcoins to each other..  like u would use a credit card to pay.. with dollars
xIUBUNTUIx- @therealplato what is a botcoin, how do they convert from physical money to a bit coin.  how do you acquire them from a mining rig.....   would be great if u could answer those for me . ﻿
Kostas Eftaxias- Next time buy a camera with FOCUS!﻿
12QWASZXQWERTYUIOP- lol @ buttcoins﻿
The Real Plato- @jetli80 You sell them to someone. There's a bunch of exchanges that are built for this. Withdraw methods range from dwolla to paypal to checks in the mail to direct deposit. See en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Trade﻿
jetli80- So how do you convert bitcoin back into main stream currency?﻿
liameras11- bunch of idiots, just pay with fkng money nerds﻿
do0rkn0b- i paid for gas with money once.﻿
[ ]- @danthemanzizzle He wasnt his friend. He was sending bitcoins to either the owner of the gas station, a manager, or someone linked to that gas station who is involved with receiving money. The uploader of this video found him and told him he wanted to pay him in bitcoins and the guy accepted.﻿
Famoxnl- @gamerfaghag bitcoins isnt fake --" you can pay webhosting with it and more....﻿
None Oftheabove- Can you buy dental work with bitcoins?﻿
The Real Plato- @danthemanizzle i'd never met this guy before today; we coordinated this buy on the bitcoin forums﻿
The 25th Psychonaut- So the answer is...find someone who has dollars and who also accepts bitcoins.  brilliant scheme﻿
Melon Bread- Nice G1 =3﻿
The Real Plato- @Leprechraun as a matter of fact yes! goo . gl/tTKLN﻿
ö. . ,- Yeah. Mad Max will accept bitcoins.﻿
Dealit707- "Dumb & Dumber II"﻿
snapsalot- @6Diego1Diego9 hhaahahahaaha﻿
Leprechraun- Hey man can you buy toothpaste with  bit coins?﻿
Tampaterry54- maybe you could invest in toothpaste you fucking idiot, btw, how does it feel knowing that bitcoins are going for less than 2 dollars now﻿
Jake Davis- CASASCIUS AND PLATO? Did your parents name you after their BitCoin addresses? ﻿
Jake Davis- 3 things about you. 1. You are a hippy who buys gas with bitcoins 2.you have a hippy-cut 3.your name is PLATO YOU ARE A HIPPY﻿
Adolfo Hitler- cut ur hair﻿
je suis la lune- What the fuck is a bitcoin? Is that like a CosbyCoin?﻿
Sardonic- This guy's the son of Torgo.  "I watch the bitcoins while the maaaster is away"﻿
Weedlord Bonerhitler- please do a video on how to buy jello pudding pops with cosby coins next﻿
blankadventure- uhhh he still bought the gas using $USD﻿
banduril- i bet they "consummated" some other things after the conclusion of this video﻿
liquid cyberpunk- go bitcoin﻿
Alan Smithee- @Helmholz42 Sure it could.  You get a Rube Goldberg contraption to activate your bitcoins﻿
oceandevil- So to buy gas with Bitcoins all I need to do is text back and forth several times, perform conversions of currencies, then have somebody just go pay for the gas with USDollas!!!?! The perfect currency system!﻿
Inspector71- It's so simple!  Why isn't everybody using Bitcoins for everything?!﻿
Eppit Tanka- @trlababalan3000 Gas stations don't generally have a lot of use for child porn and perscription-less Lipitor﻿
Eppit Tanka- You look like someone who would pay for gas with bitcoins﻿
VCBee042- next we'll be showing you how to purchase doritos and mountain dew by sending yourself treasury bonds in the past.﻿
black1abel- scrub﻿
Stephen Sal- Can you pay for a hooker with bitcoins?﻿
Uthael Killeanea- @icewalker23 The gas station probably has their own account. After all, they can pay other stuff with it.﻿
Joel Adamson- @therealplato So you're not actually buying gas with bitcoin, you're paying your friend with bitcoin.  Your video should be entitled "How to pay your friend who is buying you gas bitcoin"﻿
motorsportstuning- dumb..  M3 DEBIT CARDS CC SAME STUFF  ﻿
The Real Plato- @icewalker23 its a proxy buy, casascius is paying for the gas and I'm paying him﻿
icewalker23- i'm pretty slow, so pardon my stupid question but how does he actually pay the GAS STATION? they just transferred bitcoin between each other ... so what? I'm not that bright but I'm pretty sure the gas station would need to be involved since that's where the gas is coming from. ﻿
Dalai Llama- Please support the FREE BITCOIN project, send bitcoins to this address: 1NBN21CDpuc6Gyns2oqRjDSvxaanMeYfbY﻿
Dalai Llama- Yeah you can pay for ass with BTC!!
nanor- @LoveRec0rds lol this is the new 419﻿
myname4731- Huh?﻿
NYWAORCANZ- @6Diego1Diego9 well, I think they can just buy them with their bitcoins﻿
LoveRec0rds- hey dude givme a 1BTC donation to get started 18UR2MwPktcXir4sGtTyTbfT8oyE42aqgB Im from mexico and dont know how to get them here﻿
6Diego1Diego9- i bet these guys get all kinds of pussy.  literally chick magnets.﻿
Alexx Saver- Cool! :D﻿